Initial draft (#7)
osg-htc/osdf-docs: docs/index.md

# OSDF Documentation

This website contains guides for interacting with a custom namespace in the OSDF.

??? info "Are you an OSPool user?"

    If you are an OSPool user, you already have access to an OSDF origin on your OSPool Access Point.
    To learn how to use this origin on the OSPool, see the [OSPool guide](https://portal.osg-htc.org/documentation/htc_workloads/managing_data/osdf/).

    If you are trying to run jobs on the OSPool that access a custom namespace, please contact <a href="mailto:support@osg-htc.org">support@osg-htc.org</a> for assistance.

## Download data from a custom namespace

If you are trying to download data from a custom namespace, you should start by learning how to

> 1. Use [Pelican](https://pelicanplatform.org), the software powering the OSDF. [Guide :material-arrow-right:](pelican-client.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install and use the [Pelican client](https://pelicanplatform.org) [Guide :material-arrow-right:](pelican-client.md)
```

1. Download data via the OSDF. [Guide :material-arrow-right:](download-data.md)
1. Sync your dataset for sharing via the OSDF. [Guide :material-arrow-right:](sync-dataset.md)

## Contribute data to a custom namespace

If you are trying to upload data to a custom namespace, you should start by learning how to

> 1. Use [Pelican](https://pelicanplatform.org), the software powering the OSDF. [Guide :material-arrow-right:](pelican-client.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install and use the [Pelican client](https://pelicanplatform.org), the software powering the OSDF. [Guide :material-arrow-right:](pelican-client.md)
```
